## ReactClient Project

The `ReactClient` project is the React-based frontend of the application. It uses React Flow as the foundation for all
graph interactions and Zustand for state management. The UI is primarily built using React Aria components, styled with
Tailwind CSS. Communication with the backend is managed through React Query, and the API client is generated using
Orval.

### Environment Variables / .env

The `ReactClient` project environment variables are connected to Google Analytics which track how the application is used, and Sentry which is used to report any errors happening on our production environment.

They are not in any way needed for the normal functionality of the project.

If you still want to use them for any reason, the example on how to set up the environment variables can be found in the `.env.example` file, from which the `.env` file should be created.

### Running

Before running the application, ensure all NPM packages are installed by running the following command:

```bash
npm install
```

If there have been any changes to the endpoints in the API project, you can regenerate the API client by running:

```bash
npm run orval
```

The OpenAPI specification is pulled from the `openapi.json` file located in the root of the `API` project.
The `openapi.json` file is created on build of the `API` project.

The autogenerated API files will be located in the `src/api/endpoints` and `src/api/model` directories. Please note that
some code changes may be required to integrate the new client with the existing application logic.

To run the application in development mode you can run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Note that the front end wont be fully functional without the back end running.
That's why the preffered way to run the frontend is by running `API` backend project, which should automatically run the front end after sucessful build and run. This is enabled by `SpaProxy`.
